_pages/index.md, before:

---
layout: splash
class: landing
permalink: /
hidden: true
header:
  overlay_color: "#5e616c"
#  overlay_image: /assets/images/main/medium-banner.png
excerpt: >
  A personal portfolio of technical tutorials and essays on career, technology, and productivity.<br />
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/problem-steps/main.png
    alt: "Sticky figure style drawing of a person asking another person for help with a small puzzle."
    title: "Featured Story"
    excerpt: "Three Steps to Solve All Your Problems in Tech"
    url: "/essay/problem-steps/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Read"
  - image_path: /assets/images/artificial-empathy/main.png
    alt: "writing"
    title: "Essays"
    excerpt: "Essays on technology, software development, and work environment."
    url: "/essays/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Visit Archive"
  - image_path: /assets/images/knative-interruptible/ocp-machine-set-feature.png
    alt: "tutorials"
    title: "Tutorials"
    excerpt: "Technical articles with step-by-step instructions."
    url: "/tutorials/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Visit Archive"
---

{% include feature_row %}

Commit message:

feat: Essay on employability success
Signed-off-by: Denilson Nastacio <dnastacio@gmail.com>

_pages/index.md, after:

---
layout: splash
class: landing
permalink: /
hidden: true
header:
  overlay_color: "#5e616c"
#  overlay_image: /assets/images/main/medium-banner.png
excerpt: >
  A personal portfolio of technical tutorials and essays on career, technology, and productivity.<br />
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/employability-success/main.png
    alt: "Drawing of a pyramid in the desert, with a software developer sitting at a workstation facing the pyramid. The pyramid has five layers labeled from bottom to the top, as follows: Employability, Compensation, Growth Path, Well-Being, and Meaning."
    title: "Featured Story"
    excerpt: "Finding Your Purpose Is the Goal. Making the Right Choices Is the Path"
    url: "/essay/employability-success/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Read"
  - image_path: /assets/images/artificial-empathy/main.png
    alt: "writing"
    title: "Essays"
    excerpt: "Essays on technology, software development, and work environment."
    url: "/essays/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Visit Archive"
  - image_path: /assets/images/knative-interruptible/ocp-machine-set-feature.png
    alt: "tutorials"
    title: "Tutorials"
    excerpt: "Technical articles with step-by-step instructions."
    url: "/tutorials/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Visit Archive"
---

{% include feature_row %}
