blogs.md, before:

## [nastacio.github.io/blogs](https://nastacio.github.io/blogs)

| Title | Date  |
| - | - |
| [Stories That Can Heal The World](life-death-stories/README.md) | 2023-05 |
| [The Artificial Empathy of Generative AI](artificial-empathy/README.md) | 2023-04 |
| [When You Should Use Bash Over Python](bash/README.md) | 2023-03 |
| [The Educator Who Taught the World](montessori/README.md) | 2023-03 |
| [Rewriting the Most Critical System in the World](rewriting-education/README.md) | 2023-02 |
| [What Is the Hardest Thing in Software Development?](naming-reality/README.md) | 2022-12 |
| [Using Let’s Encrypt Certificates on Managed Clusters With Openshift Hive](hive-trusted-api-endpoint/README.md) | 2022-12 |
| [Multi-cloud DNS Delegation Between Gcp and AWS](gcp-dns-aws-route53/README.md) | 2022-11 |
| [Running Knative Services on AWS Spot Instances](knative-interruptible/README.md) | 2022-10 |

---

## [sourcepatch.blogspot.com](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com)

(only the most recent subset listed here)

| Title | Date |
| - | - |
| [The art and science of probing a Kubernetes container, part 3: Metrics and PromQL queries.](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2022/01/kubernetes-probes-part-3-promql.html) | 2022-01 |
| [The art and science of probing a Kubernetes container, part 2: kubectl queries](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2021/12/6-kubectl-queries-for-validating.html) | 2021-12 |
| [The art and science of probing a Kubernetes container](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2021/12/the-art-and-science-of-probing.html) | 2021-12 |
| [Should (only) developers be on-call?](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2021/09/asking-wrong-question-should-developers.html) | 2021-09 |
| [AI Ops Series - Part 2: dealing with state machines and time](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2021/05/ai-ops-series-part-2-dealing-with-state.html) | 2021-05 |
| [AI Ops Series - Part 1: observability and continuous deployment](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2021/04/ai-ops-series-part-1-observability-and.html) | 2021-04 |
| [Configure Docker Desktop on Windows to run with Azure Active Directory](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2019/11/mounting-volumes-when-using-docker.html) | 2019-11 |
| [Bioinformatics was awesome, now back to the cloud, which is also awesome](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2019/10/bioinformatics-was-awesome-now-back-to.html) | 2019-10 |
| [Correlation between completion of clinical trials and conditions in the trials](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2019/04/correlation-between-completion-of.html) | 2019-04 |
| [Clinical Trials visualization with Cognos Dashboard Embedded in the IBM Cloud](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2018/09/clinical-trials-visualization-with.html) | 2018-09 |
| [Applying machine learning to the study of clinical trial data](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2018/03/applying-machine-learning-on-study-of.html) | 2018-03 |
| [Making sense of clinical trials through visualizations](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2017/02/making-sense-of-clinical-trials-through.html) | 2017-02 |
| [Serverless, NoOps, and Silver Bullets](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2016/05/serverless-no-ops-and-silver-bullets.html) | 2016-05 |
| [Using iptables to route DNS searches away from Google DNS rate-limiting](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2014/07/using-iptables-to-route-dns-searches.html) | 2014-07 |

---

## [rtpscrolls.com](https://rtpscrolls.com)

(only the most recent subset listed here)

| Title | Date |
| - | - |
| [Bluemix Cloud Foundry: 10 Lessons Learned](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2017/10/bluemix-cloud-foundry-10-lessons-learned.html) | 2017-10 |
| [Recognition and meaning, by design](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2017/08/engineered-recognition.html) | 2017-08 |
| [Serverless, NoOps, and Silver Bullets](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2016/05/serverless-noops-and-silver-bullets.html) | 2016-05 |
| [DevOps: On walls and trenches](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2015/11/devops-on-walls-and-trenches.html) | 2015-11 |
| [What is your problem? - Part 3: Descriptions](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2014/01/what-is-your-problem-part-3.html) | 2014-01 |
| [What is your problem? – Part 2: Real versus imaginary problems](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2013/11/what-is-your-problem-part-2.html) | 2013-11 |
| [Critical thinking and cows in the field](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2013/10/critical-thinking-and-cows-in-field.html) | 2013-10 |
| [What is your problem? - Part 1: Know your facts](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2012/10/what-is-your-problem-part-1-of-2.html) | 2012-10 |

---

Commit message:

feat: Add technical debt article
Signed-off-by: Denilson Nastacio <dnastacio@gmail.com>

blogs.md, after:

## [nastacio.github.io/blogs](https://nastacio.github.io/blogs)

| Title | Date  |
| - | - |
| [Return to the Office Without Returning to The Past](return-to-office/README.md) | 2023-09 |
| [On Technical Debt, Margin Calls, and Ponzi Schemes](debt/README.md) | 2023-07 |
| [Stories That Can Heal The World](life-death-stories/README.md) | 2023-05 |
| [The Artificial Empathy of Generative AI](artificial-empathy/README.md) | 2023-04 |
| [When You Should Use Bash Over Python](bash/README.md) | 2023-03 |
| [The Educator Who Taught the World](montessori/README.md) | 2023-03 |
| [Rewriting the Most Critical System in the World](rewriting-education/README.md) | 2023-02 |
| [What Is the Hardest Thing in Software Development?](naming-reality/README.md) | 2022-12 |
| [Using Let’s Encrypt Certificates on Managed Clusters With Openshift Hive](hive-trusted-api-endpoint/README.md) | 2022-12 |
| [Multi-cloud DNS Delegation Between Gcp and AWS](gcp-dns-aws-route53/README.md) | 2022-11 |
| [Running Knative Services on AWS Spot Instances](knative-interruptible/README.md) | 2022-10 |

---

## [sourcepatch.blogspot.com](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com)

(only the most recent subset listed here)

| Title | Date |
| - | - |
| [The art and science of probing a Kubernetes container, part 3: Metrics and PromQL queries.](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2022/01/kubernetes-probes-part-3-promql.html) | 2022-01 |
| [The art and science of probing a Kubernetes container, part 2: kubectl queries](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2021/12/6-kubectl-queries-for-validating.html) | 2021-12 |
| [The art and science of probing a Kubernetes container](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2021/12/the-art-and-science-of-probing.html) | 2021-12 |
| [Should (only) developers be on-call?](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2021/09/asking-wrong-question-should-developers.html) | 2021-09 |
| [AI Ops Series - Part 2: dealing with state machines and time](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2021/05/ai-ops-series-part-2-dealing-with-state.html) | 2021-05 |
| [AI Ops Series - Part 1: observability and continuous deployment](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2021/04/ai-ops-series-part-1-observability-and.html) | 2021-04 |
| [Configure Docker Desktop on Windows to run with Azure Active Directory](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2019/11/mounting-volumes-when-using-docker.html) | 2019-11 |
| [Bioinformatics was awesome, now back to the cloud, which is also awesome](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2019/10/bioinformatics-was-awesome-now-back-to.html) | 2019-10 |
| [Correlation between completion of clinical trials and conditions in the trials](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2019/04/correlation-between-completion-of.html) | 2019-04 |
| [Clinical Trials visualization with Cognos Dashboard Embedded in the IBM Cloud](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2018/09/clinical-trials-visualization-with.html) | 2018-09 |
| [Applying machine learning to the study of clinical trial data](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2018/03/applying-machine-learning-on-study-of.html) | 2018-03 |
| [Making sense of clinical trials through visualizations](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2017/02/making-sense-of-clinical-trials-through.html) | 2017-02 |
| [Serverless, NoOps, and Silver Bullets](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2016/05/serverless-no-ops-and-silver-bullets.html) | 2016-05 |
| [Using iptables to route DNS searches away from Google DNS rate-limiting](https://sourcepatch.blogspot.com/2014/07/using-iptables-to-route-dns-searches.html) | 2014-07 |

---

## [rtpscrolls.com](https://rtpscrolls.com)

(only the most recent subset listed here)

| Title | Date |
| - | - |
| [Bluemix Cloud Foundry: 10 Lessons Learned](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2017/10/bluemix-cloud-foundry-10-lessons-learned.html) | 2017-10 |
| [Recognition and meaning, by design](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2017/08/engineered-recognition.html) | 2017-08 |
| [Serverless, NoOps, and Silver Bullets](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2016/05/serverless-noops-and-silver-bullets.html) | 2016-05 |
| [DevOps: On walls and trenches](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2015/11/devops-on-walls-and-trenches.html) | 2015-11 |
| [What is your problem? - Part 3: Descriptions](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2014/01/what-is-your-problem-part-3.html) | 2014-01 |
| [What is your problem? – Part 2: Real versus imaginary problems](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2013/11/what-is-your-problem-part-2.html) | 2013-11 |
| [Critical thinking and cows in the field](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2013/10/critical-thinking-and-cows-in-field.html) | 2013-10 |
| [What is your problem? - Part 1: Know your facts](http://www.rtpscrolls.com/2012/10/what-is-your-problem-part-1-of-2.html) | 2012-10 |

---
